OpenClaw 3.13 is insane. Here's why. So,
OpenClaw just got a new free massive
upgrade. And I'm going to walk you
through exactly how it works. In their
own words, the Lobster doesn't just see
the web anymore. It walks right in,
logged in, signed in, and ready to work.
If you've ever wanted your AI agent to
browse the internet as you with your
accounts already logged in, Open Claw
2026 the 13th of March just made that
real. This update is one of the biggest
drops in months. New browser powers,
redesigned mobile apps, stronger
security, Windows finally works
properly. Docker gets smarter. Let's
break everything down that changed.
First of all, if you're not even sure
what OpenClaw is, let me just quickly
explain that. It's a free open- source
AI agent platform. Think of OpenClaw
like a smart robot that can talk to you
on Telegram, Discord, Slack, or
iMessage. It can browse the web, run
code, manage files, and automate tasks
all on your own computer or server. You
stay in control, and it works with AI
models like Claw, GPT, Gemini, and even
local models through Oama. So, we're
going to be talking about the new
updates. You can see the full change log
right here. If you want to update your
open claw, I get asked this on every
single video. Literally all you do, you
just say update inside the chat. That's
it. And then you wait a few minutes, it
will reset the gateway and then from
there it's good to go. So that's exactly
how we've already updated to March the
13th version. And you can see here it
just went boom. Shakalaka, here we go.
You've updated right now. Bear in mind
that message to update was sent on 115
and then within a couple of minutes it
was already updated. So it was really
quick to update and that sort of thing.
So let's talk about the new updates app.
What it means, how everything's changed,
etc. So the big one is live Chrome
session attached, right? What this
basically means is your AI agent can now
walk into websites already being able to
log in. And this is really the headline
feature of this release, right?
Actually, Peter Steinberger just tweeted
about it a few minutes ago, who's the
founder and the creator of OpenClaw,
built this tool over a weekend. And
essentially, you can see here, if we
scroll down the list, you see here, new
openclaw beta as well. It comes with the
new live browser control that Google
added in the latest Chrome. So you can
enable it like this and then basically
um open claw will know what to use, when
to use it, etc. how to use it, right? So
it can basically use your browser for
you and look through the internet. So
previously when open claw browser web,
it did like kind of like a ghost, you
know, it was just using its own browser
session, no accounts, no login, just an
empty browser. Now it can attach to your
um real browser, right? which means it
can see what you see your Gmail your
dashboards your tools and basically this
works by using this feature right here
right so you can visit this and then
open claw then attach that to the live
session using the Chrome dev tools
protocol no extensions needed no extra
setup just one toggle right there's also
two new built-in browser profiles so
there are now two smart browser profiles
baked right in number one is profile
user this uses your real sign your
browser, the one sitting open on your
screen. And then the other one is Chrome
Relay. This uses a special extension to
connect even more smoothly. So your AI
agent can now prefer your real browser
automatically without you having to tell
it to use it every single time. Now,
also it's got some smart error handling.
So transport errors, um tool level
errors, the agent just recovers
gracefully instead of like crashing and
and losing everything all over. Let's
see what we've got on the Oh, we've got
a bunch of questions here. I'll answer
them at the end. Um, I want to just run
through these updates for you. So, the
next one is that Android gets a full
makeover. Right. So, the Android app
didn't just get updated. It got a
complete personality transplant. So, the
chat chat settings screen inside the
Android app has totally been redesigned.
Device settings and media settings are
now in clean separate groups. Much
easier to find what you need. The
connect tab and voice tab have both been
profession uh refresh with a cleaner
look. the chat composer where you type
messages and the session header at the
top are now more compact and tighter and
this just makes the whole experience
feel way less cluttered. The same with
the iOS, right? So, the iOS um iPhone
app just got a welcome screen as well.
So, first- time users on iPhone, iPad
now get proper welcome pager before
anything else happens. This huge for
beginners, so you don't just get sent
into a confusing setup screen. And the
QR scanner no longer auto opens the
moment you install the app, which used
to scare people off immediately.
Instead, now it shows clear um
instructions on how to pair this to
open.
Next up, we got Docker, right? And you
can set your own time zone. So, if
you're not familiar with Docker,
basically this way of like kind of
isolating in a in a container your AI
agent for OpenCL, right? It's a free way
to set up OpenCL uh in a more secure way
of using this, right? So, Docker
containers used to just inherit whatever
time zone the server felt like using.
That caused weird time stamp bugs, tasks
running at the wrong times, logs showing
the wrong hours. Now you can set an
environment variable and it's called
openclaw_tz
right which means you can put in any
standard
time zone like for example Asia Bangkok
or American New York and both the
gateway container and the CLI container
lock to that time zone. No more crazy
time stamp chaos. On top of that you got
Windows gateway. So that's been fixed
properly so it no longer freezes. You
also have the gateway status status
reports moving incorrectly. a bunch of
security improvements as well like you
can see here and that is basically it.
Also, alarm and local models, right? So
now the thinking stays private. So if
you run reasoning models locally through
Alama, I know a lot of people do who
watch this channel, they have an
internal thinking process, right? That
internal monologue was leaking into
normal replies kind of showing up in
your chat as an extra text. Now those
internal tools aid improperly and never
appear in the final persistence
response, right? And then there's a
bunch of uh fixes on Telegram, Slack,
Discord, and schedule tasks. And then
also web UI fixes as well. So a big
update right there. Just to recap
everything that's changed. So number
one, browser live Chrome session
attached with real signed in profiles,
batch actions, and smarter error
recovery. Android app got a redesign.
iOS app got redesigned. Docker works
better. Windows gateways have been
fixed. Security improvements. um agent
improvements, Lama improvements, and
that's basically it. So, run you through
all the the updates right there.
Now, if you want to get all the video
notes from today, you can get that
inside the AI profit boardroom link in
the comments description or just go to
the apiprofitboarding.com.
Um, this basically has a full automation
community where you can learn AI
automation and how it works, etc. But
obviously you can get my daily updates
on Open Claw and how it works right here
along with a full six-hour course. Now
let's have a look at some of the
questions that we've got inside the chat
here. So review says, "Bro, which setup
you use to run local models?" Local
models usually uh GLM 4.7 Flash with
Oama. Tons of training on that inside
the AR profitable boardroom. So if you
type in Olama, you can see that we've
got setups for example on how to use
this with claw code uh neatron 3 super
and also for example quen 3.5 and pi
coding agent. So we've got tons of
training on like open claw and how to
use it with local models for free inside
the AI profit boardroom. Fuzzy says hi
Julian I see the real you. Have to see
you. Andrew says hi guys. Had to see you
too. And then
what else we got here? Do you review
comfy UI updates? Not really. Andrew
says, I've been thinking about building
an agentic marketplace. Yeah, that would
be pretty cool. You could do that with
something like open core. I think you
know I don't think that would be a big
deal. And then also
Fuzzy says Julian question is open like
chat in that there's a site to log into
or is it locally hosted? So if you're
going directly with openclaw, you host
that locally, right? It's running
locally through your terminal. You can
also set it up on a virtual private
server which means that you can log in
from anywhere using that but it's less
secure. And then the other option that
you have is you can use something like
for example Manis or Maxclaw or Kimclaw
and these other websites where they host
openclaw themselves inside a sandbox
online and then you just log into that
website and you can use it and it's got
everything pre-installed. Right. So, for
example, today I actually reviewed uh
Gen Spark Claw and if you're using Gen
Spark claw, you can already generate
like videos and images and create
awesome stuff like straight out of the
box. So, if you want like a less
technical setup, you would go with
something like that or publicity
computer. If you are willing to host it
yourself, use a terminal etc. Then you
would switch over to using open core
directly.
What else we got? J says, "Anyone here
willing to give me a few minutes of
their time?" Yeah, I would check out the
AI profit boardroom. That's an awesome
place to ask questions and that sort of
thing. What else we got here? Um, Camaro
says, "I'm having my AI agent subscribe
to you." That's cool. And then also JD
says, "I'm curious about the best
plugins and skills." Um, yeah. So, like
for the best plugins and skills, just
check out the profit boarding, right?
This there's so much training in there
on like the best skills and the best
plugins and the best extensions for open
core. Every time something new and cool
and useful comes out, we create like a
new video tutorial and we show you
exactly how to use it. Here's an
example, right? So, recently this came
out and we show you exactly how to use
the skills, how to install it, how it
all works right there. So, we go
directly inside here. So, thanks so much
for watching. If you haven't already,
check out the AI profit boardroom. This
is my AI automation community with 2,600
members inside here. We're all about
learning, growing, and scaling with AI
automation. You can ask questions inside
the community and get help and support
whenever you need to. You can jump on
weekly video coaching calls on AI
automation. You can meet cool people in
your local area. And also inside the
classroom, you get my daily updates
right here on exactly how to use AI
automation, how to use OpenClaw. We've
got tons of training and setup guides on
exactly how to use this stuff. Also
inside the classroom too, we have a
complete beginner's guide on how to go
from beginner to expert with AI
automation. How to build your first AI
agent in under five minutes.
Additionally, we also show you our best
playbooks for my business. So, how to
automate X newsletters, shorts,
Instagram, AI avatar videos, and these
all come with step-by-step operating
procedures along with a video tutorial
on exactly how to use this stuff. And on
top of that, you can learn how to get
more clients with the agency course. You
can watch back the coaching course and
if you don't make them live. And then
also, you can learn how to rank number
one with AI SEO. And you can learn how
to grow a YouTube channel based on
what's working for me. All inside here.
Feel free to get that link in the
comments description or just go to the
aiprofitbom.com. Come.
Today we're going to be looking at how
to use a powerful distilled model of
Claude Opus called GLM 4.7/C Claude
Opus. You can run it locally for free.
It's an open- source model that's just
dropped on hugging face that brings
Claude Opus 4.5 level reasoning to your
own computer. So there's no API keys, no
subscriptions, no data leaving your
machine. Um, and you don't need to pay
for this as well, right? And this is
basically GLM 4.7 flash distilled with
claude opus 4.5 high reasoning. And
today we're breaking down exactly what
it is, running it live, and showing you
what that means for your business. Now
most people think that the best AI tools
are expensive. They think local AI is
slow, buggy, and only for developers who
enjoy staring at error messages at 2
a.m. They think claude level reasoning
on their own laptop is a fantasy. Wrong,
wrong, wrong. This model dropped a
couple of days ago on Hugging Face. Tons
of downloads already and the open source
community found it. You can see Huggy
Face have tweeted about it right here.
There's actually a bunch of different
versions of this. You don't have to use
this version. Like there's there's loads
of different options for using this
stuff. And um the way that you can start
running it is with something called LM
Studio right now. LM Studio basically
allows you to run HuggingFace models
directly on your on your computer on
your laptop. So you can download it
right here and then once you've done
that, you can actually install it and
download the model itself. Let me show
you how to do that. But before we do,
what you're going to learn today is what
this model actually is and why the
timing matters, how knowledge
distillation works, and why it changes
the free AI game forever. the distilled
edge frameworks, how to run this model
and get real results from it in your
business. A full 30-day road map from
downloading the model to use it every
single day and every belief that is
keeping you stuck on other stuff, right?
As well as 100 copy and paste prompts
you can use today. So stay until the end
and we'll show you why this is
different. So
this is LM Studio and here's how you can
get access to
this model. Right? So you can see us
using it right here. Right. Um we are
using GLM 4.7 flash claude on 4.5 opus.
Okay, sounds confusing but basically
it's just GLM flash running a distilled
version of claude opus. Right now the
way this works if we have a look inside
the model section is you can go and
download this over here. Right? So if
you type in model search you type in GLM
4.7 flash uh or GLM 4.7 opus you can see
all these different versions of of
claude opus distilled. Right? Now
basically what these are are like
models that are running this locally
right um so essentially
GLM 4.7 flash is like the base model
that was built by Z AI it's 30 billion
parameters uses a mixture of experts
architecture basically this means it
only activates parts of the um
parameters it needs for each task right
so it's fast and it's efficient when
you're on it locally now claude opus 4.5
high reason still is the upgrade, right?
So, basically what it does is a
researcher takes about 250 examples of
clawopus 4.5 working through hard
problems with the reasoning mode set to
maximum. So, then it uses those examples
to train GLM 4.7 to think the same way.
So, it's inspired by Claude Opus. And
this process is known as knowledge
distillation. So, think of it like this,
right? There's a master craftsman who
spent decades sharpening one skill. you
study 250 of his best sessions. He build
a training system from exactly those
sessions. The student who follows that
system starts thinking and operating
like someone who trained up to the
master directly and that's essentially
what happened here. So Claude Opus 4.5
and maximum reasoning is a master. GLM
4.7 flash is a student and there's 250
carefully selected high reasoning
examples as the curriculum.
So essentially that's how it works step
by step. Now, if you want to get access
to this, you can just download any of
the options right here. You can see how
many downloads each one got. So, for
example, this one had 90,000 downloads.
We've already downloaded it. It's 18 GB.
So, it is quite big. And if you're
wondering, okay, what's my setup? So,
I'm running this on a Mac Studio. And if
we click on use in the new chat, we can
basically host this model. So, you can
see it's loading right there. And then
we can get access to this, right? So, if
we have a look here inside the chat, you
can see us using this model like so. Um,
and I'm going to be 100% honest with you
because I, you know me, I'm I'm just I'm
going to tell you the truth. Do I think
this is as good as something like Claude
Opus 4.5? No. But it is very interesting
to see how powerful local models like
this are developing. Also bear in mind
that you can use local models with other
AI agents. So you can use this to power
for example something like OpenClaw
directly. So super powerful model, super
interesting and
essentially that's how it works step by
step. So,
what I'd recommend using is something I
call the distilled edge framework. And
this how to think about using a local
lm. Right? So answers three questions.
Number one, what task should I run
through my local model? Right, a local
model is really best for tasks where the
input maybe it contains data you don't
want on a cloud server. You need to run
the same task repeatedly at volume
without paying for tokens. Uh speed is
important more than quality and also you
want to experiment and iterate. Right
now you might be thinking okay what
should I use cloud models for? Cloud
models are best where the highest
possible quality is non-negotiable and
complex multi-step reasoning chains that
push the limits of a 30 billion
parameter model and tasks that require
real-time web access as well. And then
you might also be thinking, okay, well,
how do I get the best output from a
local model? Well, local models respond
to the same prompting principles as
cloud models, but they reward clarity
even more. Just to be clear here, so a
local model is something that you would
run through LM Studio. A cloud model
would be for example like just going to
claude AI directly. Right? So that's
basically the model here. I mean for
example what we could actually do is you
could use this as like a basic chatbot.
You could use it to build like basic
HTML websites and that sort of thing.
You could for example
use it for like productivity ideas or or
looking at different ways you can
automate stuff. We actually have a
30-day road map inside video notes in
the AR profitable boardroom as you can
see right here if you just want to learn
exactly how to master LM Studio and this
sort of stuff. But basically the main
thing to note here is like this is a
powerful way to run a great model and
you can run it with LM Studio directly
through a Mac Studio or whatever you
want. Right.
And I've also got 100 prompts inside the
video notes from today as well. So you
can start using this. But that's
basically it. So all you do is you would
go to LM Studio, download that for free,
then you can download the models of
hugging face for free and then you can
just start a new chat and you're good to
go like I've shown you today. So thanks
so much for watching. If you haven't
already, feel free to check out the AI
profit boardroom link in the comments
description. We actually have tons of
training on O Lama inside here as well
as ALM Studio. So if you like local
models, then you'll love the training
inside here. You can see for example
recently we covered Neatron 3 Super
which is an open- source model from
Nvidia and we show you exactly how to
run it directly with OAMA as well as
running it directly with open claw which
is pretty cool right also we show you
for example
how to use claw to code withama and we
walk you through the whole process and
the setup um inside this video plus
step-by-step guide right here. So if you
want to learn more about local AI models
and exactly how they work etc then you
can follow the processes inside there.
So feel free to get that link in the
comments description to the AR profit
boardroom. Um
this has an amazing community weekly
video coaching calls all my best
trainings inside the classroom and you
can also connect with me personally
inside there too. I will see you on the
next one. Cheers for watching. Bye.